# Movie Info - React

Movie Info build with React stack 

This app contains:
  - List Movies
  - Info Movies Desc


This text you see here is *actually* written in Markdown! To get a feel for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and watch the results in the right.

### Tech

Movie Info uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* [react JS] - HTML enhanced for web apps!
* [API TV Maze] - API for data movie
* [markdown-it] - Markdown parser done right. Fast and easy to extend.
* [Shards UI] - Shards is a free and modern Bootstrap 4 (final) UI toolkit.
* [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
* [Express] - fast node.js network app framework [@tjholowaychuk]
* [Webpack] - Bundle Assets
* [ES6 React boilerplate using Webpack] - Simple and optimized React boilerplate. 




### Starting the dev server


```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/dionfananie/react-movie.git
$ Run npm install or yarn install
$ Start the dev server using npm start
$ Open http://localhost:8080
```

### Available Commands
* npm start - start the dev server
* npm clean - delete the dist folder
* npm run production - create a production ready build in dist folder
* npm run lint - execute an eslint check
* npm test - run all tests
* npm run test:watch - run all tests in watch mode
* npm run coverage - generate code coverage report in the coverage folder

### Code Coverage
The project is using the Jest Code Coverage tool. The reports are generated by running npm run coverage. All configurations are located in package.json, inside the jest object.

The coverage report consists of an HTML reporter, which can be viewed in the browser and some helper coverage files like the coverage json and xml file.

### Production Code
Run npm run production. The production-ready code will be located under dist folder.
### Plugins

Movie Info is currently extended with the following plugins. 
| Plugin | README |
| ------ | ------ |
| React Content Loader |[Loader](https://github.com/danilowoz/react-content-loader) |
| TV Maze | [API TV Maze](http://www.tvmaze.com/api) |

